1. Who should attend the fair?
All current engineering and computer science students at University of Michigan, as well as alumni within one year of graduation, are invited to attend the fair. Students who are seeking a summer internship or full-time offer are especially encouraged to attend.


2. I am a freshman, should I come to the fair?
Of course! Some companies do offer internships for students the summer right after their freshman year. Even if the company you would like to work for may not be hiring, the more experience speaking with recruiters, the better!

3. When is the Career Fair?
The Career Fair is on Monday September 19th and Tuesday September 20th from 10am-4pm.

4. Where will the Career Fair take place?
Pierpont Commons, Chrysler Center, Duderstadt Connector, Duderstadt Center, EECS, G.G. Brown Atrium, FXB, Dow, and BBB.


5. What are the best ways to prepare for the fair?
There are a plethora of events hosted by SWE, TBP, and the Engineering Career Resource Center (ECRC), to prepare for the fair! Check out our calendar (click here) for all of these events.

Attend receptions! Receptions are an informal meet-and –greet with recruiters before the fair. Undergraduate receptions will take place on Sunday, September 18th and Monday, September 19th. Graduate and PhD Receptions will take place on Sunday, September 18th. Resumes are not allowed! Let your personality shine, and connect with recruiters before speaking with them at the fair the next day!

Be on the lookout for the SWE/TBP Career Fair Resource Guide for more tips and tricks! These will be available in the SWE office in the Bullpen in EECS from the start of the semester. More copies will be handed out the week of September 18th in the Duderstadt connector. You may also find a digital copy here.

6. What should I bring to the Career Fair?
Bring multiple copies of your resume. Companies will be accepting paper resumes at the Career Fair. You will not need to bring your transcript or any cover letters, although these may be useful for applying to jobs online.

7. What do I wear to the Career Fair?
Business professional attire is worn at the fair. The majority of students will be wearing slacks and a button up. Remember, you will be up on your feet all day, so wear comfortable shoes!

8. Where can I find the list of companies attending?
Not available at this time, the list of companies attending is still being finalized.